a second to realize that it was a
tornado and it hit our neighborhood let
alone my house I mean I came down our
street along this long row of houses one
kind of missing in the middle and it
looks a little too close to where mine
should be so I had a bad feeling about
it I'm here in Suffolk Virginia
unprecedented storms for this area
unprecedented damage and is almost
always the case no one's ready for this
I didn't know it's my first time that
wanted some type is but I was like
Operation Blessing is now coordinating
all of the volunteer efforts now today
we've got a number of volunteers here
we've got partners Samaritan's Purse on
the job we've got the Southern Baptist
disaster relief helping us today we're
especially blessed to have about 60
volunteers the US Navy they're here
working on this project right now this
is again one of the one of the houses
that was completely destroyed but what's
so important about this debris we call
it debris removal it's really more like
debris sorting and we're trying to
utilizing our volunteers to carefully
sort through this massive rubble and to
try to find anything that is still
useful to the homeowners whether it be
an heirloom they just found their
utility bill oddly enough they also
found a wedding picture that was totally
intact and things like that maybe
certain appliances are still useful it's
very urgent that we can feel as many
volunteers as we can in an organized and
safe manner and the US Navy today has
answered that call so we're very
thankful for that Operation Blessing
responsive disasters all over the world
last year 20 disasters in 14 different
countries disaster relief is one of our
core competencies it's one of the things
that Operation Blessing does best you
guys have been a great help and a huge
relief doing this all by ourselves what
it's taking forever I thought I was a
blessing sounds like where do I go I had
people helping but you know the more you
the back you bastard get done so this is
such a blessing and appreciated Oh words
connecting it's good to know that people
are here for you when you need